---
datePublished: '2016-08-22T19:59:05.377Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-22-monday-22-august-16.md
author: []
via: {}
dateModified: '2016-08-22T19:59:04.856Z'
title: ''
publisher: {}
description: Monday 22 August 16
starred: false
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
Monday 22 August 16

I've never written a blog before. If I'm completely honest, I never really _got_ blog's. What exactly is the point of them? So why am I here writing one now you may ask...

A new friend suggested I started writing about my life and my experiences to help promote my business. I couldn't see how it would help at first but then I realised that it would help by showing my audience that I'm just like them. A working mum struggling to strike that perfect balance between being there for your family, keeping on top of the housework and earning a living... oh yeah and trying to find some time for yourself if that's not too much to ask. I think the word is 'frazzled'??!

Of course I haven't got time to go to the gym every day and prepare fresh, healthy (not to mention cheap) meals for me and the family. Of course it's going to be a struggle for me to lose this baby weight and in the time it takes me to lose said baby weight, of course I'm going to begin hating my body when I look in the mirror. That in turn will lead to the feeling that I'm just a frumpy old mum and what's the point of dieting and exercising anyway?

Well I've found that there is a point and it is worth doing, not just for my self-image but for my sanity as well. And wow, eating well and exercising gives me more energy too so I can get more done. Great! But I'm still struggling to find the time and motivation to KEEP GOING!

This is my journey. I'm not perfect. I still have a drink now and then and binge on chocolate at the weekends but I'm trying! I started my day today with a matcha tea and a protein shake for breakfast, followed by a protein flapjack as a morning snack. Lunch plans consist of a greek salad and some fruit. Wish me luck and cheer me on please. Let's do this together!

Z x

